hi guys today we are going to see how to
make chicken keema so this is a very
simple and easy to make so for that we
need only the basic ingredient like
olive oil cinnamon cloves bay leaf cumin
C and Kalpa see that's our optional one
and green chilies onion 1 cup tomato 2
ginger garlic paste chilli powder
coriander powder garam masala powder
chicken coriander leaves salt to taste
let's see how to make chicken keema heat
the pan put 4 tbsp of olive oil you can
use any other oil so when I will get
heated put all the spices like cloves
cumin seed bailey's Kulpa see that's the
optional one cinnamon now the spices
will get up fry add 2 green chillies
green chillies will give a very good
flavor for this recipe now fry the
spices very well these spices will give
a very good aroma flavor so fry it well
add onion that's a one cup onion it's a
one cup of a red onion so just mix the
onion onion have to be cook till it will
be come a golden-brown color
ginger-garlic paste with the onion now
[Music]
the ginger garlic paste and onion have
to be cooked very well so it will become
like a golden brown color just mix it
now the onion will get a brown color
it's a golden brown color now it's a
time to add masala so add red chillies
red chilli powder that's a one and a
half tablespoon coriander powder two and
a half tablespoon and garam masala
that's a half a tablespoon
now mix with that no masala and onion
how do we mix very well
so now we have to add tomato that's a -
tomato it's a medium tomato so we can
also use tomato puree just to mix it
well so now the tomato have to be cooked
very well so now add a little amount of
water in that so it helps to cook very
well just mix it close the lid
let it be cook for a minute very well it
will be blended each other so now we
have to add our chicken this 1 lb ground
chicken so mix the chicken with that
masala mix it very well we can use
mutton also instead of this chicken so
mix it well now the chicken and masala
will be mixed very well
so now we have to add salt just
this makes it edible
so you have to add one cup of water
so the chicken will be cooked very good
just close the lid for two minutes and
it'll be the chicken will be cooked very
good so now the chicken will be cooked
very well now have to add the coriander
organizing and also for the flavor so
that's the finishing touch of this
chicken keema now it's time to eat
we can eat with the chapati and early
and also we can eat with dosa so thank
you